Communication isn't about cashing out fast

Early on in the meatspace chat days, there was a lot of immediate buzz about
whether it was going to become an official startup and I would cash out or
ride some startup wave before everyone lost interest.

I would be lying if I said I didn't consider it - I even had strangers come
up and try to negotiate partnerships just to get a cut of the action. Some
seemed more sincere than others, but I ended up going with my gut instinct
saying the same thing to every person:

"This isn't ready; this isn't anything at all. It's just an elaborate demo
and it's entertaining."

I sometimes go back and forth at the stance I held onto and wondered if I made
a mistake. Watching all these startups and their mindless, crappier variations
of meatspace chat - with their lack of emotion, lack of concern and lack of
attention - receiving large virtual bags of investment money from various
players in the chess game of capital gain ... it made me think maybe I really
screwed up. Maybe I should have just sold out by playing the high stakes game
of "lose 99% of the time, get the gold 1% of the other time if the moon is in
the right phase".

But fast forward to a little over a year from when this project first was on
Github. And only about nine months since it went public at a conference. A lot
has happened in nine months but it also hasn't been a lot of time in the larger
scale of life.

But in these nine months, hundreds of people have connected through these
meatspace projects. They would have never ever have met through your usual mega
corporate social network like Facebook or Twitter. They met through this tiny
elaborate demo open source project and then met in person and collaborated and
shared their personal stories. They spread their communications through other
mediums as they saw fit.

I watch their interactions and participate sometimes but I also think they are
the creators and maintainers of what becomes all parts of the community and
their inevitable sub-communities.

These interactions are the key to understanding how humans interact and react.
How they change or are similar as time and culture continue to expand and
transform. Then the questions arise. Do these patterns only happen in this
specific community? Or do they happen for all communities? Is it based on
culture? Or is it based on something else?

In the end of all these thoughts, I always cycle from the beginning of this
post to the end - concluding that the decision I made was the right one. There
is something even better than cashing out quickly on a minor social
entertainment. It is just a stepping stone to something better in improving the
way we "become" in the digital realm. What that is will become more apparent as
we build more of these kinds of projects and continue participating and observing.

WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
WWWWWWWWWWWWWWooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
WWWWWWWWWWWWWooooooooooooooooorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrroooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
WWWWWWWWWWWoooooooooooorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooooooooooooo
WWWWWWWWWWooooooooorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrllllld!!ddllllrrrrrrooooooooooooooooo
WWWWWWWWoooooooorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrllllllldd!oWW!!dllllllrrrrroooooooooooooo
WWWWWWWoooooorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrlllllllldddd!orro!o!dllllllrrrrrrooooooooooo
WWWWWWooooorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrllllllllldddd!WorddddoW!ddllllllrrrrrrooooooooo
WWWWWoooorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrlllllllllddd!!!o!!!   !dWW!ddddllllrrrrrrrooooooo
WWWWooorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrllllllllldd!!!!WWWoo      WloW!!!ddddllrrrrrrrrooooo
WWWWoorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrlllllllddddWldolrrlo!Wl     r!dlooWWWoW!dllrrrrrrroooo
WWWoorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrlllllddddddd!!Wdo  l!               rdo!l!r!dlrrrrrrrrooo
WWoorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrlllddddddddd!!!!oolWW                       lW!ddlrrrrrrrroo
WWorrrrrrrrrrrrllld!!!!!dddd!!!!WWrd !                        rlW!ddllrrrrrrrro
Worrrrrrrllllllddd!oooWWWoloWWWWoodr                           drrWdlllrrrrrrrr
Worrrlllllllldddd!WolWrr!!dWWWlrrldr                            ro!dlllrrrrrrrr
Wrrllllllllddddd!WWolWr        oWoo                              r!dllllrrrrrrr
Wlllllllldddd!!odrrdW            o                              lWddllllrrrrrrr
Wlddddd!!!!!WWordlWrd                                          oW!ddllllrrrrrrr
olddddd!!!!!WWordlWrd                                          oW!ddllllrrrrrrr
Wlllllllldddd!!odrrdW            o                              lWddllllrrrrrrr
Wrrllllllllddddd!WWolWr        oWoo                              r!dllllrrrrrrr
Worrrlllllllldddd!WolWrr!!dWWWlrrldr                            ro!dlllrrrrrrrr
Worrrrrrrllllllddd!oooWWWoloWWWWoodr                           droWdlllrrrrrrrr
WWorrrrrrrrrrrrllld!!!!!dddd!!!!WWrd !                        rlW!ddllrrrrrrrro
WWoorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrlllddddddddd!!!!oolWW                       lW!ddlrrrrrrrroo
WWWoorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrlllllddddddd!!Wdo  l!               rdo!l!r!dlrrrrrrrrooo
WWWWoorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrlllllllddddWldolrrlo!Wl     r!dlooWWWoW!dllrrrrrrroooo
WWWWooorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrllllllllldd!!!!WWWoo      WloW!!!ddddllrrrrrrrrooooo
WWWWWoooorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrlllllllllddd!!!o!!!   WdWW!ddddllllrrrrrrrooooooo
WWWWWWooooorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrllllllllldddd!WorddddoW!ddllllllrrrrrrooooooooo
WWWWWWWoooooorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrlllllllldddd!orro!o!dllllllrrrrrrooooooooooo
WWWWWWWWoooooooorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrllllllldd!oWW!!dllllllrrrrroooooooooooooo
WWWWWWWWWWooooooooorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrllllld!!ddllllrrrrrrooooooooooooooooo
WWWWWWWWWWWoooooooooooorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrooooooooooooooooooooo
WWWWWWWWWWWWWooooooooooooooooorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrroooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
WWWWWWWWWWWWWWooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

hASCII Fractal	/URL:http://www.retrojunkie.com/asciiart/art/fractals.htm
